Energy dashboard: Document required parameter and references to SML and image recognition data sources to energy documentation (#24800)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/electricity-grid.markdown

Some energy providers will provide you real-time information about your usage and have this data integrated into Home Assistant.

> ### Manual Integration

Reviewer: This page provides general information on energy integration. The example provided below is very specific for MQTT which IMHO doesn't belong on this page.

Author: Example removed.

### Manual Integration

> If you manually integrate your sensor, `device_class`, `state_class` and `unit_of_measurement` have to be provided.

Reviewer: Let's make more clear what manual means. How about something like this?

```suggestion
If you manually integrate your sensors, for example, using the [MQTT](/integrations/mqtt) or [Template](/integrations/template) integrations: Make sure you set and provide the `device_class`, `state_class`, and `unit_of_measurement` for those sensors.
```
